MP Rest Client 2.0 test results w/ 21.0.0.8-beta (#107)
OpenLiberty/certifications: microprofile/4.1/restclient/2.0/TCKResults.adoc

:page-layout: certification
= TCK Results

> As required by the https://www.eclipse.org/legal/tck.php[Eclipse Foundation Technology Compatibility Kit License], following is a summary of the TCK results for releases of MicroProfile Rest Client2.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As required by the https://www.eclipse.org/legal/tck.php[Eclipse Foundation Technology Compatibility Kit License], following is a summary of the TCK results for releases of MicroProfile Rest Client 2.0.
```
